---
layout: post
title: Portfolio Home
---

## Deep learning projects 

### MNIST Digit Recognition using a multilayer perceptron (feed-forward neural network)

[[Jupyter Notebook]](\Notebooks\mlp_mnist.ipynb)\\
[[Dataset]](https://datahack.analyticsvidhya.com/contest/practice-problem-identify-the-digits/)

Implementation of a feed-forward neural network using Tensorflow. The model is trained and tested on the [MNIST](http://yann.lecun.com/exdb/mnist/) dataset (pretty much a pre-requisite for training deep learning models). 


## Graduate work

### Least squares regression using harmonic functions 

[[Jupyter Notebook]](\Notebooks\ls_harmonic.ipynb)\\
[[Dataset]](https://www.ngdc.noaa.gov/stp/solar/solaruv.html)

Produces a least squares regression model by fitting a 9-parameter harmonic (trigonometric) function. This regression fits the minimum and maximum temperature data measured at the International Edmonton Airport between 1963 and 1993. Notebook covers pre-processing steps of the data and implementation of the model. 

### Least squares regression using compact-support basis functions

[[Jupyter Notebook]](\Notebooks\ls_basis_compact.ipynb)\\
[[Dataset]](http://climate.weather.gc.ca/historical_data/search_historic_data_e.html)

Produces a least squares regression model by fitting pre-defined basis functions (a piecewise cubic polynomial). This model uses solar flux data ( was generated such that the output as well as its first derivative is fitted exactly, preventing unwanted oscillations generated by sharp variations in the data.

### Review of finite-difference schemes for the heat-diffusion equation 

[[PDF]](\Papers\Heat-diffusion - Review of finite-difference schemes.pdf)

The heat-diffusion equation is a second-order partial differential equation that governs the distribution of heat or diffusing material. This paper reviews some of the many finite-approximation schemes using for solving this equation and provides comparisons on their accuracy and stability. 
